Offer dependent: :destroy_async for associations (#40157)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Allow associations supporting the `dependent:` key to take `dependent: :destroy_later`.

    ```ruby
    class Account < ActiveRecord::Base

>         belongs_to :supplier, dependent: :destroy_later

Reviewer: Let's rename the option to `destroy_async`, and the config and the job should have `async` instead of `later`.

    end
    ```

>     `:destroy_later` will enqueue a job to destroy associated records via `ActiveRecord::Base.destroy_later`.

Reviewer: `ActiveRecord::Base.destroy_later` doesn't exist anymore. I think we can just say
```suggestion
    `:destroy_later` will enqueue a job to destroy associated records in background.
```
